a. In this case the container is the best suited for this task. The reason for this is that if you want to generalize your code and share your code with other chapters, Docker containers will able to do it well because they contain all the application, configuration, and dependencies in a consistent and portable manner so that don't have to worry about the operating systems and so on. Virtual environments and global environments are less preferred because it is not as easy to package and distribute your code to other people who want to use it in a different operating system. Compared with virtual machines, the containers are more lightweight and have faster startup. 

b. In this case, it is better to use a virtual machine to do the task. There are several reasons. First of all. Compared to containers, a virtual environment, global environment on a computer, the virtual machine is the most isolated. The benefit of isolation is that it is entirely separate from your own local computer which avoids conflicts and ensures reproducibility. Image processing tasks normally require a lot of computing capacity, Using virtual machines can utilize the extra computing capability that the cloud computing provider provides whereas the rest of the three methods have to use your computing resources from your own computer.

c. In this case, it would be easier to just do the task in the global environment of a single computer. cleaning data from Excel sheets and generating reports doesn't require complex software setup or dependencies. In this case, lower isolation means it is easier to access files if you are doing the task in your global environment than in virtual environments, containers, or virtual machines. since you are working with potentially sensitive data, keeping everything on your local computer is safer than exposing them to virtualized environments. 

d. In this case, it is best suited to use a virtual environment for this task. Using a virtual environment, you can create new environments for projects using Python4 while having environments for projects using Python3. Higher isolation ensures that changes made on Python 4 won't affect your existing Python3 projects. Virtual environments are also resource-efficient compared to setting up containers or virtual machines. 